Added Sync option description to the docs (#366)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/inventory-options-global.md

        The message begins to appear when the quantity in stock reaches the threshold. For example, if set to `3`, the message “Only 3 left” appears when the quantity in stock reaches three. The message adjusts to reflect the quantity in stock, until the quantity reaches zero.

    - To display an “In Stock” or “Out of Stock” message on the product page, set **Display Products Availability In Stock on Storefront** to `Yes`.
    

>     - To keep consistency between inventory and catalog, set **Synchronize with Catalog** to `Yes`. With the option enabled inventory data will be adjusted according to the catalog changes (product removed; product SKU changed; product type changed; etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To keep consistency between inventory and catalog, set **Synchronize with Catalog** to `Yes`. With this option enabled, inventory data will be adjusted according to the catalog changes (such as product removed, product SKU changed, and product type changed).
```
